Default to "internal" repos (#60)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/airflow.md

3. Fill in the form:
    + Owner: `moj-analytical-services`
    + Name: The name of your pipeline prefixied with `airflow-`, for example, `airflow-my-pipeline`

>     + Privacy: Internal (Refer to guidance: [GitHub public, internal and private repositories](github.html#public-internal-and-private-repositories])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + Privacy: Internal (refer to the [public, internal and private repositories](github.html#public-internal-and-private-repositories) section)
```
